Ly Hue Ninh, Ly Hue Ninh.
You really don't know life and death.
Did you know?
The Qin were the first family in the capital.
The Victory of General Qin
He was the first general under the chief princess.
Do you dare to humiliate Prince Qin?
No one can protect you.
What is the Qin Dynasty?
Even if it's Qin.
I had to put my head in front of me.
Besides, you're just his son.
You have no right to talk to me.
A village woman.
Dare to enter the door of my Qin house
I will not tear you apart today.
It's hard to deal with my hatred.
It is impossible to repay the kindness of the princess to the Qin dynasty.
Keep her for me.
Tell her to get on her knees.
Sorry.
This thing that doesn't know life and death.
Even if the school comes, it will not protect you.
What are the four of you doing?
Can I eat?
Give her to me.
I want her to get on her knees and lick my shoes.
It seems that the Qin army did not educate you well.
Let me teach you a good lesson today.
What product are you?
I dare mention my father's name.
I'm not showing you any color today.
I don't know the height of this world.
Master Qin
Are you okay?
A rural woman.
You dare hit me.
All up hit
Stop!